[Longing Heart]
Subtitles by DramaFever
- Hey.
- Oh my gosh.
Mr. Kang!
Aw, come on, just one sip!
What's the point of asking permission
after you already drank it?
Ugh, gross.
You can have this,
Mr. Kang.
Wow, you're unbelievable!
You had no problem eating a
certain someone's leftovers
and yet it's gross when I take
a sip of your drink? Huh?
Ugh, this is so embarrassing.
Wait, so who's this person
that you like so much?
- Huh?
- I don't know.
- Who is it?
- I don't know what you're talking about!
Just tell me!
- Let's hurry!
- Hurry!
Huh?
- Wow, what's going on?
- I can't believe it!
- No way!
- Wow!
Who is it?
I want to make things official
between us, and go out with you.
- Ooh!
- Go out with him! Go out with him!
I'm sorry, Senior.
I can't accept this.
There's someone else that I like.
This is the moment
when things when downhill for us.
Yeah...
it's a losing game, anyway.
If I'd just confessed
my feelings to Ji Soo back then...
We have a car accident
victim in critical condition!
- How's her blood pressure?
- 140, but dropping fast!
150 Joules!
Shock!
But if we're destined to be
in each other's lives
I'm sure that it's for a bad reason.
Let's...
never see each other again,
for both our sakes.
Maybe what happened on the day
when we saw each other...
for the first time in
ten years has changed, too.
Can I ask who it is?
What?
I'll have to be convinced
that they're better than me
if I'm going to give up on you.
Hey, Third Year.
Sorry for butting in, but...
Mr. Kang!
There are rules when it
comes to confessions.
And one of them is
"it's up to you to
convince yourself to get over her."
It's not polite to make the
other person feel awkward
just to make yourself feel better.
You may be a teacher and all
but I think it's also rude of you
to butt in at a time like this, sir.
The thing, is, though,
there are rules at school, too.
One of them being, "students must
go to the classroom at the bell."
It's been a while since the bell rang.
Hurry up and get inside the classroom!
- Oh man!
- Did you see that?
- Whoo!
- I'm sorry, Senior.
Come to think of it
it may be that Third Year's fault
that my life ended up this way!
Ugh!
There's... someone that she likes?
Write a letter to the you that you
hope to be, ten years from now.
You can write whatever you want.
The thing about words is
that they have power.
And those words can guide you toward
a future that you want for yourself.
That's the objective
of this homework assignment.
I'd like it to be a video file,
if at all possible
and it'll be due by tonight.
As for the submission method,
send it to my email address.
And now, use the remainder of your time
thinking about what you should say.
I wonder what he'll want to say to me?
Who's the person that Ji Soo likes?
Ugh, who is it?
You, you, you, you, you!
Pardon?
Um, Mr. Kang.
What would you want to say to
the you living 10 years in the future?
Well...
rather than that, there's something I'd
want to say to myself 10 years ago.
What would you want to say?
- Ugh!
- Ah!
Stop being so dense.
I'd tell myself to confess.
To not lose her to anyone,
only to regret it later.
And to not lose her.
That's what I'd want to say to
the me from 10 years ago.
Does that mean that you never
got to confess your feelings?
Ten years ago, I mean.
Yep.
Why couldn't you confess?
Because I was stupid
and cowardly.
I was so stupid that I didn't know the
feelings of the person I liked...
and I was such a coward that
I gave up in fear of getting hurt.
In the end, I was never able
to convey my feelings to her
and those feelings turned into
feelings of regret.
But I know now
that I had a chance of changing my
future if only I'd confessed back then.
But if you don't do anything just
because you're scared of getting hurt
nothing will change.
So, I'd like it if all of you
remembered that
love starts with a confession.
- Ooh!
A confession, huh?
[My birthday]
So, tomorrow is Mr. Kang's
birthday, huh?
I'll probably be a civil servant
10 years from now.
A civil servant?
Why a civil servant?
Now I have to
record it over again!
Since when did I have a friend who
wanted to become a civil servant?
You get a decent salary and a pension,
and they even have a set retirement age!
There isn't a job that
can compare to that!
Wasn't it your dream to
become a cartoonist, though?
A cartoonist?
Oh, please.
I'm not trying to starve.
Why not? You've always
been good at drawing.
That's just a skill.
To not starve,
you need to have an innate talent.
And my innate talent isn't drawing,
it's facing reality.
But even so, I feel like it'd
be such a waste of talent.
Oh, whatever, whatever.
This is all ruined now.
Here, you go first,
Choo Geun Deok.
Is it recording?
Is this angle okay?
To be honest, I have a single wish.
I really want myself to have
experienced this once after 10 years.
Experience what?
My first love!
I probably will have experienced it
once after 10 years, right?
I probably will have really, really liked
someone once by then, right?
What kind of nonsense is that?
You've gone through an entire
platoon's worth of women.
My sentiments exactly.
Hey, this is like hearing Park Ji Sung
say, "I want to score a goal just once."
The reason why I keep dating
around is because
I never end up really liking a girl,
even when I date her.
I've never experienced
that feeling, even once.
I have no idea what it feels like
to really like someone.
That's why I envy Shin Woo.
It makes me wonder, "how much must
he like Han Ji Soo to act this way?"
Wow.
I wish I could combine you two,
and then split you apart again.
Your power to just
act without thinking
and your ability to harbor
innocent, pure affection.
Well, you can consider me an
affectionate man of action now.
I'm...
going to confess.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I'm going to meet up with her on
my birthday, and confess to her.
Tomorrow.
Let's go.
Sunday is my birthday, and
I have something to tell you then.
Let's meet up at the
City Meeting Spot at 6 p.m. tomorrow.
It says it's his birthday tomorrow, so...
did Mr. Kang leave me this note?
[From: Kang Shin Woo]
Hey, you can't confess empty-handed!
Even so, isn't a ring
too over-the-top?
What if she feels like it's too much?
Let's think about this
optimistically for a second.
She could end up liking the ring
even if she doesn't like you
which could lead to her
accepting your confession.
Shut your trap!
- How about something more...
- Yeah.
How does this look?
Does it look okay?
Ooh, it's nice.
Why are you shopping for
men's clothes, though?
I'm thinking of buying clothes
as a birthday gift.
A birthday gift?
I want to give him a gift,
and I have something to tell him, too.
Oh!
What are you guys
doing in the city?
Oh, we're buying a gift.
A gift?
What gift?
Well, it's Shin Woo's
birthday tomorrow.
So we bought Shin Woo
a birthday gift.
Oh yeah, Shin Woo's birthday
is tomorrow, isn't it?
Oh, so then that was for
you, Shin Woo!
What are you talking about?
I think Ji Soo bought
a present for you.
Really?
Yeah. Are you guys planning
to meet up tomorrow?
Yeah.
Oh, what's this?
Are we all meeting up together?
What time, and where?
Hey, the bus is here.
Just get on the bus.
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
Godspeed, dude!
Ooh, there's no way that Ji Soo
will be a no-show tomorrow!
Oh my gosh, dude!
What do I even say to her?
What should I say to her tomorrow?
"I love you, Ji Soo."
Ugh, give me a break!
Hey, Kim Min Seok.
Is something up?
Huh?
You aren't in a good mood,
it's written all over your face.
No, of course not.
Everything is fine.
How did you know?
We've lived in the same two-family
home for 10 years, so of course I'd know.
I can even tell what you ate
just by hearing you poop.
Ugh, why do you have to use
such disgusting examples?
Oh yeah, I have something
to give to you.
What?
Your underwear!
You psycho!
Why is it that stuff keeps flying from
your room to mine when the wind blows?
Clip your clothes tightly
when you hang them to dry.
It's not like this is something
that I was dying to see.
Bu the way...
Those are knock-offs, right?
No!
Yeah, right.
How did you know that, too?
This is a top-notch knock-off
that I got airmailed to me.
How could I possibly confuse
that fake for the real thing?
Ugh, don't you know that
I have an eye for these things?
Well yeah, that's true.
Oh yeah.
What did you say that
you wanted to be, in ten years?
So, this is the letter
I'm sending to myself.
Man, I'm kind of nervous to watch this.
Go ahead and talk to the you
who is 10 years in the future.
I don't really have much to say.
I'm sure you have something you want to
become, or something you want by then!
Well...
I don't really care, as long
as I'm not starving to death.
- Thanks a lot, jerk.
- Mr. Kang is going to yell at you.
I totally feel like I lived
a worthwhile life now.
Mr. Kang said words have power.
Yes, this is the Night Duty Room
at Garam High School.
Mr. Kang!
It's me, Baek Na Hee.
Oh, Ms. Baek!
Yes.
What are you up to?
About the drinks you promised me.
I want them tomorrow.
Um...
all right, sure.
Let's meet up tomorrow.
Yes.
All right.
I'll have to hurry and wrap things up
with Na Hee too, won't I?
Big Sis.
Have you ever been
confessed to before?
- A confession?
- Yeah.
Did you take money
out of my wallet again--
No, no, I mean from a guy!
Like, a romantic confession!
Nothing like that!
Has a guy ever confessed to you before!
Of course I have.
Then, what was the best
confession you ever got?
Well...
the one from the
most handsome guy.
Okay, what was
the next best one?
The one from the
second most handsome guy.
I should've known better than
to expect a good answer from you.
Ugh!
You're never any help!
What's his problem?
Knowing your place
and facing reality is the innate
talent that you was born with...
Kim Min Seok.
Oh!
Damn it!
Ugh.
Hey, Jang So Ra.
I'm coming in for a bit.
What brings you here at this hour?
Oh, um, nothing, really.
Hey, what's all this?
These are all the drawings
that I threw away.
My investments.
Don't you know that
art can turn into cash?
Yeah, but not just any old drawing
will sell for a high price.
I bet they'll sell for tons of money
once you become a famous artist.
What do you mean, become famous?
I told you. The things I say are
the real deal are the real deal.
If you try to steal these
from me later, I'll kill you.
I'm telling you this now, but it cost me
a lot of money to get those framed.
I was told that they'd sell
for a higher price that way.
Hey, are you crying?
Why are you crying?
H-hey. What's the matter?
Are you feeling sick?
Why are you making me
excited about this again?
Huh?
Why are you doing this, when I'd
completely given up on it already?
Why are you making me
hopeful and excited again?
She said that there is
a person she likes
so maybe I'll get rejected.
How will I face Ji Soo
if she rejects me?
Oh, whatever!
I still have to try.
Ji Soo.
I... like you.
[Ji Soo. I like you!!!]
Being uncertain of the future.
And being uncertain of
others' feelings.
The reason why
one must muster the
courage to venture forth
despite all these uncertainties...
is because the future
holds potential.
One may have one's
confession turned down
or fail to achieve one's dreams.
But there's also a chance that
neither of those things will happen.
I'll be graduating in two years anyway
so I can just think of this as a
confession that's two years early.
Let's just go like this,
all nice and fresh.
I can do it.
Oh, Mr. Kang--
- Mr. Kang!
- Oh!
- Let's go, Ms. Baek.
- All right.
I'm sorry.
Shin Woo.
Are you... crying?
What's the matter?
Did something happen?
Because I like him.
Huh?
Because I like...
Mr. Kang.
Welcome!
- Hey.
- Yeah?
Let me lay low for a bit.
If my homeroom teacher sees me,
I'll get punished!
Give us two pints
of beer from the tap!
Sure.
Let's have a great time.
Thank you.
Um, why are you drinking
your beer in such a hurry?
Because there's something
I must tell you quickly.
Um, sure.
Mr. Kang.
Let's date each other.
Um... wait just a second.
I actually had something to talk
to you about regarding that.
I think you've got the
wrong idea about something
so I want to
set things straight.
I'm actually not from Seoul.
I just came from there since
my first assignment was in Seoul.
So, will we become official
as of today, then?
No, I'm saying that this place,
which you hate, is my hometown!
I'm from this town!
And I graduated from
our high school, too.
Oh my, really?
I can't believe that we have
so much in common!
We're from the same town,
and even went to the same school?
The homeroom teacher is from our
town, and graduated from our school?
What are you saying?
Your ideal guy is a guy
from Seoul, Ms. Baek!
And the one rule you have
for yourself in dating
is to not date guys from this town!
And I'm exactly the type of
guy whom you'd never date!
Well, I didn't know that I'd
meet you back then, Mr. Kang.
I'll just change my
ideal type of guy, then.
To guys from our hometown.
How could you just change your
ideal type of guy like that?
But, why is it that your face
is unfamiliar to me, then?
This town is so small that
I pretty much know everyone.
Exactly. Why don't the teachers
or anyone else know him, then?
Um, let's stop discussing that for now.
Let me rectify the current
situation we're in right now, then.
I like another woman.
W-well, you only like her.
It's not like you're dating her.
Because of that woman,
I didn't date anyone for ten years.
And I'm planning to wait
ten more years for her.
Are you really okay with that?
Three.
Two.
One.
Dagnabbit!
Ugh!
The English teacher
said "dagnabbit!"
Oh, it's on!
[Our homeroom teacher and the
English teacher are at my workplace!]
So...
today is the homeroom
teacher's birthday
and you were planning
to confess to him?
That's what I'd planned to do.
But I completely failed.
Wow.
I can't believe you're
seeing this side of me.
I scared you a little, didn't I?
I'm sorry.
Just how much do you like
the homeroom teacher?
Do you like him so much that there's
no space for anyone else in your heart...
and do you like him so much
that it has to be him...
and nobody else will do?
I feel so embarrassed in front
of you right now...
and I feel so embarrassed
that I could just die, but...
the thought that Mr. Kang may like
someone else that I don't know about...
makes me feel...
But meeting up with you like this and
talking about it made me feel better.
But, weren't you supposed
to go somewhere today?
Why did you come out
to the city today?
Well...
I just had something to do, is all.
Let's go.
Where?
Let's take you to go and
do what you wanted to do.
Huh?
Um, it's not that I was trying
to keep this from you.
- I just didn't have a chance to tell--
- Oh, can it!
Humph!
Um, Ms. Baek!
Where are you going?
Ow!
Ugh, just you watch!
I'll get my revenge!
Ugh!
Wait, Ms. Baek!
Ms. Baek!
Choo Geun Deok!
Get your butt out here, now!
Damn it.
How did you know
that I worked here part-time?
That's the reason
I came here in the first place.
So I could ask you to
take care of the rest.
- Hurry and go after her.
- What?
I can't just let a lady go home
by herself when she's drunk!
The English teacher isn't a lady!
Judging from what I just saw, I bet she
could tear five young guys apart--
Ugh!
Would you rather get punished, then?
Want me to tell the Student Association
that you're working part-time at a pub?
Damn it!
Hey, be careful!
She bites when she's drunk!
Ow!
Oh, what's this?
So he did confess?
I can't do it.
He'll definitely reject me.
How am I supposed to
face him after this?
Just act first,
and think about it later.
Confessions are all about
timing too, after all.
Okay?
Mr. Kang.
"I like you."
What?
You said we should confess our feelings.
"I like you."
Hey, I never told you guys
to confess to me!
Why do you keep coming to me
with your confession, since last time?
Hey, punk.
Get your head on straight, and
tell the right person--
That confession...
is my confession.
Huh?
I...
like you, Mr. Kang.
My wish?
I do have one.
That the person I like...
would like me back.
It doesn't have to be now.
They can confess to the version of me
from ten years in the future.
Um, I misheard you just now, right?
- Right?
- No.
You probably heard right.
Hey!
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
Yeah, sure. I totally understand
how that could've happened.
It's really common.
It's kind of similar to how kids your age
become obsessed with celebrities.
It's similar to that, so, um...
admiration!
Yeah, that's right!
It's admiration.
I'll just call it
admiration, then.
Huh?
If that makes you more
comfortable, that is.
It doesn't matter what I call it.
My feelings won't change
no matter what I call it, anyway.
O... okay.
B-but...
thanks for your affection, but...
if you hadn't said that to me
right now, but someone else...
I would've felt more thankful.
All right.
I understand what you're saying,
and how you feel, too.
But, as I'm sure you know,
all I can say to you right now is--
Can't we end things here for today?
It's no fun reading something that
you know the ending of.
W-what's... this?
Happy birthday, Mr. Kang.
Ji Soo!
Han Ji Soo!
Oh, jeez.
Ugh, where did Kang Shin Woo go--
Oh, there's no way I wouldn't know.
I wish I didn't know.
Hey, Kang Shin Woo.
What's this?
I think that you and I
both need this right now.
Is it okay for my homeroom
teacher to be doing something like this?
It's your birthday today, after all.
It's okay for you to have one drink
that an adult is offering to you.
No thanks, I don't drink
these sorts of things.
Oh, yeah right!
You drank a ton when you
were a First Year.
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
Let's talk.
About what?
Maybe, about why it had to be your
birthday today, of all days?
No thanks.
If you want to give me
a birthday present
disappear from my sight right now.
Because that's the gift
that I want most right now.
Hey.
What did you even do, then?
I told you to confess, but you
confessed for Ji Soo, instead?
Are you stupid?
You should've confessed your
feelings to Ji Soo first--
That wouldn't have changed anything!
I already know how she feels.
It's a losing game, anyway.
History... is repeating itself.
And this time,
the thing that changed...
is that I am my own enemy.
I need to find a way
to make this work out.
How do I give this back to her?
You got home safely last night, right?
None of your business.
Why do you care?
I wasn't worrying about you.
I was worrying about other people.
Just look at this!
It's because I'm scared you may
have bitten another innocent person.
Ow, it hurts.
At any rate, I'm going to be
completely cold to you now
so don't talk to me,
or be nice to me, either!
It'll just make things harder
for me if you're nice!
Damn it!
Is that true?
Then... the nicer I am to Ji Soo,
the worse things will get, right?
I have to be cold to her.
Make sure you check
problems like these carefully.
There will probably be a lot of problems
based on today's lesson on the exam.
Be sure to check over your
own work well, everyone.
Mr. Kang.
Yeah?
What is it?
Please have this.
You can have this.
Hey, Shin Woo!
Mr. Kang!
- Hello.
- Yeah, hey.
Mr. Kang!
Can't we talk?
About what?
- Well--
- I have somewhere to be.
If it's not important,
let's talk later.
Mr. Kang!
Oh, good thing I ran
into you, Ji Soo.
- Can you help me?
- Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
Let's talk.
I have somewhere to be.
If it's not important,
let's talk later.
Hey!
Is it that difficult to just
talk to me for a second?
Well, it seems to be difficult for you
to spare a second to talk to students.
What do you want me to do, then?
Ugh!
Hey, Choo Geun Deok.
Did you drop off
Ms. Baek well last night?
Ah!
Hey!
It's all your fault, Mr. Kang!
And just what is his problem?
I don't know.
He's been like that all day.
Damn it, the school inspector
is coming today, too!
Hey, what's wrong?
Did something happen to you?
Teach! I was looking
all over for you!
Hurry up and go home!
- You little bastard!
- Huh?
- Give that back!
- Whoa!
- Damn it!
- Ow!
I... I got bit.
It's just so vile that I can't
bear to say it with my own mouth.
My first kiss...
Hello, Ms. Baek.
Hey, Choo Gen Deok!
Are you going to keep wearing
your name tag improperly like this?
She... doesn't even remember?
Oh, Shin Woo!
They're heavy.
Just sit down.
Oh man, I would've broken
my back if it hadn't been for you.
Thanks.
But, come to think of it...
I'm always only ever thanking you.
Yesterday was like that, too.
Try saying other things to me, too.
I know you need someone
to lend you an ear right now.
Wow, it's like you read my mind.
It's because of Mr. Kang, right?
Yeah.
I think I make him feel uncomfortable.
I think he's avoiding me.
Maybe you're just imagining it.
It's not like he can play
favorites among his students.
Maybe that's what it is.
He's a human being too, after all.
Or it could just be that
he's not in a good mood.
Still.
It makes me worried.
I'm afraid that Mr. Kang
will hate me now.
It's not like you spoke ill of him,
or harassed him! You just--
said that you liked him,
is all... so...
You really think so?
I acted so cold toward her
and yet I'm wearing the shirt
she gave me as a gift.
Anyone would think that
I'm a complete psycho.
I gave him that shirt yesterday.
Hey, so, um, what happened
with this shirt is
the school inspector is coming today,
but Choo Geun Deok--
You must be so happy, Mr. Kang.
You can make her smile
just by wearing a shirt.
Hey, I'm telling you, that's not it.
Listen to me! Hey!
What kind of terrible crime
did I commit in my past life?
183! 184! 185! 186!
He shouldn't have told me to confess
and pretended that he was helping me.
He really threw me for a loop.
Is he messing with me?
- 194! 195!
- 196! 197!
Raise your arms up high!
- More!
- 198!
- 199!
- 200!
- Ugh!
- Damn it, please!
I told you not to say the last number.
- Do it again!
- Teach!
Just make that bastard
do it by himself!
It's our second time doing this
because of that bastard!
Hey, shut it.
- Damn it!
- Again!
Don't you dare say the last number
again, or I'll kill you.
All right, begin!
- One! Two! Three! Four!
- Five! Six! Seven!
Because... I like Mr. Kang.
I like you, Mr. Kang.
- 196! 197! 198! 199!
200!
- Damn it!
- I ought to kill you!
- 200!
200! I'm the one
who said 200!
Are you out of your damn mind?
Yeah, I am, you bastard!
- What are you going to do about it?
- Hey, what are you doing?
- Hey, stop it, guys.
- Break it up, guys!
- Stop it!
- Stop!
I'll let everyone else go
with your letters of apology.
But Kang Shin Woo and Go Sung Jin
will come to school by 5 a.m. tomorrow.
You'll get punished and will have
to volunteer around the school.
Got that?
Answer me!
- Yes, sir.
Go.
I told you to reflect on your actions,
but you rebelled instead?
Hey, Kang Shin Woo.
May I... ask you something?
Why...
did you come here?
- What?
- It's a valid question.
It's not like you have family here,
this isn't your hometown.
So why did you come here,
which is in the middle of nowhere
and why do you keep butting
into my business?
I don't understand
any of this, and yet...
all you are doing
is getting in the way.
It's fine.
What would it matter if I knew
the answer to those things now?
It's not like I can turn back time.
I will submit my letter
of apology tomorrow.
I'm the one saying
hurtful things to myself...
and yet it hurts.
[Doctor in her 20s Hit,
Killed by Drunk Driver]
I'm getting in the way?
Am I really...
ruining everything
by being here?
Shin Woo!
Ji Soo.
I... like you.
What's the matter?
Did something happen to you?
Because I like... Mr. Kang.
Whatever.
It's...
a losing game, anyway.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Longing Heart]
Didn't you think this once,
when you were first in love...
That it'd be so nice if you
and your first love
could be alone together,
just for one day?
Not one day,
but even half a day.
I would've been happy being alone
with her for just an hour.
Mr. Kang.
To me, you're a precious disciple.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I'm not crying because I was wrong.
Because I, too, know
that this is the answer.
What are you doing here?
- Mr. Kang!
- I was alone.
I was locked up here all night
by myself, but you freed me.
I have no reason to hear you out.
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
Don't go around telling
that to other people.
Who else would I
tell this to, but you?
Who do you think will get hurt
if a rumor about this spreads?
How dare you smoke,
and start a fire at school!
Hey, see me for a sec,
Kang Shin Woo.
You like Han Ji Soo, don't you?
The one who smoked in the bathroom
and started a fire there was me.
Where is Kang Shin Woo right now?
You really are hopeless.
If you really are the culprit, then smoke
right in front of me, you bastard!
I was hoping that he'd
make a different decision.
Mom.
Who am I supposed to
apologize to now?
But people don't know that
the only thing you can change...
is the here and now, not the future.
Let's go back.
Because Ji Soo will definitely be
waiting for me there.